chore(docs): update redirect url example readme (#1088)
algolia/autocomplete: examples/redirect-url/README.md

Open <http://localhost:1234> to see your app.

> Typing “algolia” or "Apple - AirPods - White" in the app's input should present a redirect item at the top of the drop-down menu. Either submitting the form or selecting the redirect item will execute the redirect to the corresponding URL that was configured for its rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typing “algolia” or "Apple - AirPods - White" in the app's input presents a redirect item at the top of the drop-down menu. Either submitting the form or selecting the redirect item will execute the redirect to the corresponding URL that was configured for its rule.
```
